00	The government was among many to condemn these bannings.
01	A rebel statement sent to Lisbon from Jamba said 86 government soldiers and 13 guerrillas were killed in the fighting that ended Jan. 3. It said the rebel forces sill held Mavinga.
02	Authorities last week issued a vacate order for a club in Manhattan and closed another in the Bronx.
03	At the first Pan Am bankruptcy hearing, for example, at least five airlines were represented.
04	Mr. Neigum, poker-faced during the difficult task, manages a 46-second showing.
05	This, combined with the container division talks, suggests the group's bankers might be considering an orderly disposal of all assets.
06	She told the Post in an interview published Sunday that some of the money may have become "mingled" into improvements on her home that included a swimming pool, a $2,500 wide-screen television and renovations to her basement.
07	According to a study by the Marshall Institute, the average NASA employee's age in 1963 was 30; now most of its senior and middle-managers will be eligible to retire in five years.
08	Preston Tisch, 62, is president and co-chief executive officer of Loews Corp. and is a former postmaster general.
09	"We're dealing with an owner who couldn't give a rip. They cut off her mail and she got a post office box." Starting Friday, an animal-control officer is accompanying Finster on his route.
10	Asked if he might bring the world leaders to Texas, possibly to San Antonio, the president remarked, "That's a distinct possibility.
11	He said Muscovites, who gave him 89 percent of the vote in a two-way race in March, would be "partially satisfied." On the march to Pushkin Square, a city bus stopped, and dozens of passengers got off to join in.
12	Changes to the VAT rules mean a Pounds 900m tax payment in the second half.
13	"He came up to me and said, `You tell Mickey Roache,' our police commissioner, `he's doing a wonderful job in that Stuart case and we're with him all the way,"' Flynn said.
14	The government tried to forestall any criticism from African countries that have accused it of being too cooperative with South Africa.
15	But the official left open the possibility of such trials for Saddam Hussein, his clique and other officers accused of committing atrocities in Kuwait.
16	"My husband says he's not sure he'll be employed next month." Some retailers insist all the promotional sales, savings coupons and other marketing efforts are drawing customers.
17	We look forward to providing a unique and exciting shopping experience to the region." Macy's operates 149 department stores in the United States under the names Macy's, Bullock's and I. Magnin.
18	But other major banks left their rates unchanged, and after Black Monday those three banks quickly lowered their rates back to 9 1/2%.
19	So he joined Hyatt's frequent-guest program; so far, he has cashed in on discounted and upgraded rooms.
20	De Klerk said Wednesday's balloting ratified his reforms.
21	"The results are highly encouraging," said Auxiliary Bishop James T. McHugh of Newark, N.J., director of the church's Diocesan Development Program for Natural Family Planning.
22	Mr. Hoover expects industry revenue to grow 19% annually, reaching a 1990 level more than double last year's estimated $6 billion.
23	The entree, like the politicking and gossiping, varies each week.
24	Under the first civil settlement of Boesky-related cases, reached in January, the 46 investors in Boesky's partnership will receive $248 million in liquidation proceedings.
25	In-Store's president, Steve Kahler, doesn't view Shoppers' Video as a big threat.
26	Quaker Oats Co. today reported a 9.2 percent drop in its third-quarter earnings, citing an extraordinary expense of $20.7 million stemming from the consolidation of its European food-manufacturing operations.
27	Can we never see eye-to-eye until all 120 million Japanese become Christians?" My second encounter occurred in the late 1980s, when I overheard a comment as I passed by a meeting room in the New York head office of a major financial organization.
28	In addition, union and management have promised to work together to resolve problems arising from layoffs, production schedule changes, major investments and day-to-day decisions once left entirely to management.
29	While the results of Gulf States' campaign remain to be seen, it is also arousing the company's easily aroused critics.
30	"The item veto is not a simple, politically neutral device for bringing about economy and efficiency in government.
31	"This isn't a hostile offer," said Stuart A. Rose, chairman and chief executive officer of Audio/Video, a Dayton, Ohio-based electronics parts distibutor.
32	In the long term, stock in the drilling company may have value, he said, but he isn't assigning much value to it at this point.
33	Some analysts believe the CBS network had a loss of $20 million to $30 million in the fourth quarter and may show a loss in the current period.
34	The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds fell to 8.54%, the lowest level since mid-July of last year and down from 9 1/8% as recently as about two weeks ago.
35	The kit has an adaptor with crocodile clips 'enabling access to be made directly into a convenient wall box.'
36	Last year, the FDA said it would allow people with life-threatening illnesses to import personal supplies of unapproved drugs.
37	That would be quite impossible without either uncounted cash subsidies or uncounted in-kind aid that frees up cash that otherwise would be needed for necessities.
38	No children in the sixth-grade classroom at Most Pure Heart of Mary School were hit.
39	As the first wines of the year, the Beaujolais nouveau, normally considered an inexpensive lightweight, served as a bellwether to both quality and the price the market will bear.
40	The sterling value of overseas equities and bonds was also greatly increased. So, it all worked out well in the end, but, nevertheless, the fundamentals of UK equity market valuation are stretched.
41	They have been rallying by the hundreds of thousands to push for more control over Kosovo, an ancient Slav heartland bordering Albania that is now dominated by ethnic Albanians.
42	'At the beginning, the Mexican attitude was very macho.
43	"My gut reaction is that consumers wouldn't be aware" of the alleged safety problems, said J.D. Powers' Mr. Cedergren.
44	Stock prices fell today as traders warily awaited the latest monthly report on employment.
45	In Allendale County, the Guard estimates it has a $1 million impact on the economy.
46	A study today concludes that virtually all asthma attacks are triggered by allergies, challenging a widely held belief.
47	And Germans in both east and west have accepted the inevitability of a rapid unification since the Berlin Wall opened Nov. 9.
48	Disney World in Florida is famed for its marketing to Latin America.
49	Those opinions are those of Mr. Yeltsin," Arbatov said in an interview.
50	The two firms later backed out of the deal because of heavy pressure from officials at Nomura, according to news reports.
51	The leader of a one-man crusade to open a home for people with AIDS has left town, emotionally battered and financially strapped but insisting Wednesday that his was a successful fight to change attitudes.
52	Mr. Stadiem is unabashedly nostalgic.
53	Frank lied about how he met Gobie and he lied when he wrote that, as far as he knew, Gobie was obeying the law.
54	Volume on the Big Board came to 86.36 million shares.
55	The single Independent in the upper house, Senator Brian Harradine, sided with the opposition. The legislation will now be referred back to the House of Representatives, which has already approved all eight budget bills.
56	In May, the year-to-year rise was 4.8%.
57	He was hospitalized in serious condition.
58	He also said he did not know why the decision was made.
59	Hundreds of Serbs have reportedly taken refuge in an army barracks in Petrinja, about 25 miles south of the Croatia'a capital of Zagreb, to escape riot police seeking to recover weapons.
60	OH, BY THE WAY, the General Accounting Office, Congress's audit arm, says IRS computers were in good shape to process 1987 returns.
61	Where Italy, in the eyes of their fans, have barely scraped through, Germany have done just enough.
62	Viewers could see a change from FNN to CNBC within days after the transaction is completed, he said.
63	But Mr. Iacocca counters, "I never worked harder in my life than in the last couple of years.
64	But towards the end of the decade developers were taking a much more confident view of the city's prospects as its image improved.
65	Cowper holds three records in The Guinness Book of Records 1990 for previous circumnavigations of the globe.
66	Mr. Meese has portrayed himself as being only a peripheral player in the Iran initiative before last November.
67	Authorities confiscated 570 pounds of heroin alleged to have been imported by Kon's organization in several seizures over the years, Stutman said.
68	A great German classic? Pandora's Box (Tartan Video).
69	The Massachusetts governor spent most of Monday in Boston, while George Bush was in Washington, leaving the campaign trail to Jackson.
70	Rally organizers said they'd gotten their message across to this community of 6,100 and called off plans to stage acts of civil disobedience.
71	The shares stand near the low for the year of 162.5 pence, and well below the year's high of 234 pence.
72	American Cyanamid intends to acquire Shell's crop protection business.
73	It said it terminated the agreement yesterday and didn't have any borrowings outstanding.
74	Prosecutors have arrested 12 people on suspicion of giving or taking bribes or violating security laws.
75	Margo Vignola at Salomon Brothers doesn't expect a stock ownership plan for American Medical.
76	Barco said he will present the proposed treaty to the lawmakers next week.
77	He promised "frugality with economic development." The three parties will have to agree on specific measures, such as boosting public utility rates and a proposed one-time tax on personal and company earnings.
78	Both sides accused the other of misinterpreting a peace plan signed two weeks ago and of violating a truce that started March 21.
79	The Cipollone plaintiff counsel and jury apparently assumed it reassured smokers by telling them that the health problems had been solved.
80	The earlier rallies, part of a nation-wide wave of student demonstrations, finally were crushed by the government.
81	The sale is part of Salinas' plan for cutting inflation and reviving the economy.
82	Strong results were recorded in its elevators, transport technology and maritime innovation divisions.
83	What makes Cray Computer a more unusual pick for Mr. Duncan is that its earnings have been nonexistent. Nevertheless, he looks for the firm to break even next year and hit $3 a share in earnings by 1994.
84	And suddenly it started shaking, which I'm used to.
85	The company and its partners - Siam Syntech Construction, Sino-Thai Engineering & Construction and OTV - overcame strong oppositon from seven consortia to secure the contract.
86	He said six Indians arrested at Kingsville in south Texas earlier Thursday told agents that alien smugglers had made arrangements for their trip at Casa Romero and had picked them up there.
87	The Party has chosen to sacrifice economic growth in favor of tighter state control over people's daily lives.
88	They want him to rein in his frequently careless exuberance. He is cheered by two things.
89	Turco said the study assumes that in even a small nuclear exchange the primary target would be oil and gas storage areas because such material is vital to military defense.
90	An accountant's wildest fantasies?
91	"It is my fervent hope that we will be able to reach an agreement that will be satisfactory to all concerned," Mitchell said.
92	I looked at my watch at the end, astonished that 100 minutes had gone by. But then I am looking at my watch again now, astonished that a vintage Venice festival has gone by, with only 36 hours, three films and a bunch of prizes to go.
93	And in case you may have missed it the first 38 times, the Pickle Packers International association is out once again to convince the world of the preserved cucumber's value in everything from elementary education to international policy making.
94	The Japanese are most enthusiastic about the notion of yen-denominated U.S. government bonds.
95	The combination of relatively high West German interest rates and the dollar's decline has put downward pressure on the weaker currencies in the European Monetary System's exchange-rate mechanism, particularly the French franc.
96	Some network executives say that if advertisers insist on pure people-meter data, they might lower, or even do away with, audience guarantees.
97	For nervous Conservative backbenchers with an eye on the next election, that might be no bad thing.
98	Palestinian demonstrators clashed with troops in the Balata and Fara refugee camps near Nablus following noon prayers.
99	This culture is just so disposable _ a McDonald's culture.